(docs) Add more information about YAML plugin in CHANGELOG (#1423)
puppetlabs/bolt: CHANGELOG.md

* **Addition of a YAML plugin** ([#1358](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/issues/1358))

>   Bolt now includes a plugin to look up data from a YAML file. This allows you to compose multiple YAML files into a single bolt inventory file and reference data stored outside your bolt project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Bolt now includes a plugin to look up data from a YAML file. This allows you to compose multiple YAML files into a single bolt inventory file. This is useful to breakup a large monolithic inventory file or to load user specific data like credentials from outside the project directory.
```
